Welcome to PDL Rentals.
Where quality affordable housing meets fresh starts.
For over 11 years, we've been proudly serving families
in Wichita and Augusta, Kansas.
Our communities provide safe, comfortable homes
where residents can thrive and build their futures.
From historic districts to modern developments,
we offer diverse housing options for every family.
Experience the difference of family-owned property management
with responsive maintenance and community support.
Ready to find your new home? Explore our available properties
or contact us to schedule a tour today.
PDL Rentals. Your fresh start begins here.